		STORAGE AND DATABASES

Instance Store:
	An instance store provides temporary block-level storage for an Amazon EC2 instance. An instance store is disk storage that is physically attached to the host computer for an EC2 instance, and therefore has the same lifespan as the instance. 
When the instance is terminated, you lose any data in the instance store.

Amazon Elastic Block Store:
	Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) is a service that provides block-level storage volumes that you can use with Amazon EC2 instances. If you 
stop or terminate an Amazon EC2 instance, all the data on the attached EBS volume remains available.

Amazon EBS Snapshots:
	An EBS snapshot is an incremental backup. This means that the first backup taken of a volume copies all the data. For subsequent backups, only the blocks of data that have changed since the most recent snapshot are saved. 

Object Store:
	In object storage, each object consists of data, metadata, and a key.
The data might be an image, video, text document, or any other type of file. 
Metadata contains information about what the data is, how it is used, the object size, and so on. 
An object’s key is its unique identifier.


Amazon Simple Storage Service(Amazon S3)
	Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) is a service that provides object-level storage. Amazon S3 stores data as objects in buckets.
You can upload any type of file to Amazon S3, such as images, videos, text files, and so on.
 Amazon S3 offers unlimited storage space. The maximum file size for an object in Amazon S3 is 5 TB.

S3 Standard:
	Designed for frequently accessed data.
	Stores data in a minimum of three availability zones.

S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA):
	Ideal for infrequently accessed data.
	S3 Standard-IA is ideal for data infrequently accessed but requires high availability when needed

S3 Intelligent-Tiering:
	Ideal for data with unknown or changing access patterns

S3 Glacier:
	Low-cost storage designed for data archiving
	Able to retrieve objects within a few minutes to hours
S3 Glacier is a low-cost storage class that is ideal for data archiving.

S3 Glacier Deep Archive:
	Lowest-cost object storage class ideal for archiving
	Able to retrieve objects within 12 hours