			Instance Types
1.Genral purpose instances:
	General purpose instances provide a balance of compute, memory, and networking resources. 
You can use them for a variety of workloads, such as:
	1.application servers
	2.gaming servers
	3.backend servers for enterprise applications
	4.small and medium databases

2.Computer optimized instances:
	Compute optimized instances are ideal for compute-bound applications that benefit 
from high-performance processors. Like general purpose instances, you can use compute 
optimized instances for workloads such as web, application, and gaming servers.

3.Memory Optimized Instances:
	Memory optimized instances are designed to deliver fast performance 
for workloads that process large datasets in memory. In computing, 
memory is a temporary storage area. It holds all the data and 
instructions that a central processing unit (CPU) needs to be 
able to complete actions.

4.Accelerated computing instances:
	Accelerated computing instances use hardware accelerators, or coprocessors, 
to perform some functions more efficiently than is possible in software running on CPUs. 

5.Storage optimized instances:
	Storage optimized instances are designed for workloads that require high, sequential read and write access to large datasets on local storage. 

		Message and Queuing
Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS):
		Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) is a publish/subscribe service. Using Amazon SNS topics, a publisher publishes messages to subscribers.
In Amazon SNS, subscribers can be web servers, email addresses, AWS Lambda functions, or several other options. 

Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS):
	Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) is a message queuing service. 

Using Amazon SQS, you can send, store, and receive messages between software components, without losing messages or requiring other services to be available. In Amazon SQS, 
an application sends messages into a queue. A user or service retrieves a message from the queue, processes it, and then deletes it from the queue.