FILE STORAGE:
	In file storage, multiple clients can access data that is stored in shared file folders. In this approach, a storage server uses block storage with a local file system to organize files. 
Clients access data through file paths.

Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS):
	Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) is a scalable file system used with AWS Cloud services and on-premises resources. 
As you add and remove files, Amazon EFS grows and shrinks automatically. It can scale on demand to petabytes without disrupting applications. 

Relational databases:
	In a relational database, data is stored in a way that relates it to other pieces of data. 
Relational databases use structured query language (SQL) to store and query data. This approach allows data to be stored in an easily understandable, consistent, and scalable way.

Non-relational databases:
	In a nonrelational database, you create tables. A table is a place where you can store and query data.
Non-relational databases are sometimes referred to as “NoSQL databases” because they use structures other than rows and columns to organize data. 
One type of structural approach for nonrelational databases is key-value pairs. With key-value pairs, data is organized into items (keys), and items have attributes (values). 
You can think of attributes as being different features of your data
In a key-value database, you can add or remove attributes from items in the table at any time. Additionally, not every item in the table has to have the same attributes.

Amazon DynamoDB:
	Amazon DynamoDB is a key-value database service. It delivers single-digit millisecond performance at any scale.
Amazon Redshift:
	Amazon Redshift is a data warehousing service that you can use for big data analytics. It offers the ability to collect data from many sources and helps you to understand relationships and trends across your data.

AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS):
	AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) enables you to migrate relational databases, nonrelational databases, and other types of data stores.

Database Consolidation:
	Combining serveral databases into single database.
